############### beginning batch delete process on date ###############
deleting UID galmon0
deleting UID pacheson1
deleting UID lpellant2
deleting UID gmckevin3
deleting UID gbuckles4
deleting UID cdelacoste5
deleting UID sstquentin6
deleting UID ksilman7
deleting UID yselly8
deleting UID cangrick9
deleting UID orintoula
deleting UID lzukiermanb
deleting UID vpibsworthc
deleting UID jmelonbyd
deleting UID bmccoole
deleting UID mtschieraschef
deleting UID grosleg
deleting UID pmckeighanh
deleting UID choobani
deleting UID hsolesburyj
deleting UID kdysterk
deleting UID cmouatl
deleting UID lworlingm
deleting UID tdownsn
deleting UID tyuleo
############### beginning batch delete process on date ###############
deleting UID galmon0
deleting UID pacheson1
deleting UID lpellant2
deleting UID gmckevin3
deleting UID gbuckles4
deleting UID cdelacoste5
deleting UID sstquentin6
deleting UID ksilman7
deleting UID yselly8
deleting UID cangrick9
deleting UID orintoula
deleting UID lzukiermanb
deleting UID vpibsworthc
deleting UID jmelonbyd
deleting UID bmccoole
deleting UID mtschieraschef
deleting UID grosleg
deleting UID pmckeighanh
deleting UID choobani
deleting UID hsolesburyj
deleting UID kdysterk
deleting UID cmouatl
deleting UID lworlingm
deleting UID tdownsn
deleting UID tyuleo
############### beginning batch delete process on date ###############
deleting UID galmon0
deleting UID pacheson1
deleting UID lpellant2
deleting UID gmckevin3
deleting UID gbuckles4
deleting UID cdelacoste5
deleting UID sstquentin6
deleting UID ksilman7
deleting UID yselly8
deleting UID cangrick9
deleting UID orintoula
deleting UID lzukiermanb
deleting UID vpibsworthc
deleting UID jmelonbyd
deleting UID bmccoole
deleting UID mtschieraschef
deleting UID grosleg
deleting UID pmckeighanh
deleting UID choobani
deleting UID hsolesburyj
deleting UID kdysterk
deleting UID cmouatl
deleting UID lworlingm
deleting UID tdownsn
deleting UID tyuleo
############### beginning batch delete process on Sun 12 Nov 2017 06:29:58 PM EST ###############
deleting UID galmon0
deleting UID pacheson1
deleting UID lpellant2
deleting UID gmckevin3
deleting UID gbuckles4
deleting UID cdelacoste5
deleting UID sstquentin6
deleting UID ksilman7
deleting UID yselly8
deleting UID cangrick9
deleting UID orintoula
deleting UID lzukiermanb
deleting UID vpibsworthc
deleting UID jmelonbyd
deleting UID bmccoole
deleting UID mtschieraschef
deleting UID grosleg
deleting UID pmckeighanh
deleting UID choobani
deleting UID hsolesburyj
deleting UID kdysterk
deleting UID cmouatl
deleting UID lworlingm
deleting UID tdownsn
deleting UID tyuleo
############### beginning batch delete process on Sun 12 Nov 2017 06:35:13 PM EST ###############
deleting UID galmon0
deleting UID pacheson1
deleting UID lpellant2
deleting UID gmckevin3
deleting UID gbuckles4
deleting UID cdelacoste5
deleting UID sstquentin6
deleting UID ksilman7
deleting UID yselly8
deleting UID cangrick9
deleting UID orintoula
deleting UID lzukiermanb
deleting UID vpibsworthc
deleting UID jmelonbyd
deleting UID bmccoole
deleting UID mtschieraschef
deleting UID grosleg
deleting UID pmckeighanh
deleting UID choobani
deleting UID hsolesburyj
deleting UID kdysterk
deleting UID cmouatl
deleting UID lworlingm
deleting UID tdownsn
deleting UID tyuleo
